feat(plugin-iceberg): Add `ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW SET PROPERTIES` (#27806)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

                                                       view falls back to a full recompute.
====================================================== ============================================================= ========================

.. _iceberg-alter-materialized-view:

Materialized View Properties

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

The following table properties can be specified when creating a materialized view.
Properties marked **Yes** in the *Alterable* column can be changed after creation
by using :doc:`/sql/alter-materialized-view`; properties not specified in the

> ``SET PROPERTIES`` clause keep their current value, and setting a property to

Reviewer: Maybe "setting these properties"?

The storage table inherits standard Iceberg table properties for partitioning, sorting, and file format.

.. _iceberg-alter-materialized-view:

Altering Materialized View Properties
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

After creation, you can change ``stale_read_behavior``, ``staleness_window``, and ``refresh_type``

> on an existing materialized view via :doc:`/sql/alter-materialized-view`. ``storage_schema`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on an existing materialized view by using :doc:`/sql/alter-materialized-view`. ``storage_schema`` and
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for via](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#via) for discussion and alternatives.
